v1.2.0 (#191)
bugsnag/bugsnag-android-performance: CHANGELOG.md

> ## 1.2.0 (2023-11-21)

Reviewer: Date should be 2023-11-22

### Enhancements

> * Prevent configured Activities from signalling the end of an App Start (`doNotEndAppStart`
>   configuration option).
> * Exclude configured Activities from automatic instrumentation (`doNotAutoInstrument` configuration
>   option).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prevent configured Activities from signalling the end of an AppStart (`doNotEndAppStart` configuration option).
  [#185](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-android-performance/pull/185)
* Exclude configured Activities & Fragments from automatic instrumentation (`doNotAutoInstrument` configuration option).
  [#185](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-android-performance/pull/185)
  [#186](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-android-performance/pull/186)
```

## 1.1.1 (2023-10-16)

### Bug fixes

* os.version is now correctly reported as the release version (12, 13, 14), sdk level is reported in
  a new resource attribute
  [#178](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-android-performance/pull/178)
* AppStart spans are now platform-prefixed (eg: AppStart/AndroidCold) to differentiate different

>   AppStart layers

Reviewer: This has been auto-formatted, and should be left as it was previously
